valenciennes defeated early after
noon in Lille the evian thonon gaillard has
a great opportunity to take a step
additional to maintaining
relegating vea to nine points
the last reception at the sports park
d'annecy was a success
in front of Monaco
this time the pascal men
dupraz face the bastians who do not
are not in their best shape with
a win in eight games 5 defeats
and 2 draws
bastia also conceded a goal to
each of his movements since the
beginning of the season but Bastiais
are going to be realistic thanks to florian
raspentino at the half hour of play
the bastiais had been globally
dominated in the first half hour but
is ultra efficient the deviation of
the head of djibril cissé is impeccable
for florent raspentino that false
company to cédric mongongu is
misleading jesper hansen 1 to 0 for
bastia but the reaction of the evian
thonon gaillard is not going to delay with this
goal of nicolas benezet put on orbit
by kévin bérigaud
five minutes after the opening of the score
Bastia
the men of pascal dupraz react
the service of bérigaud and perfect between
Cahuzac and then romaric the dish of
foot of the old nimes nicolas benezet
fly 1 goal all over the break and
the statistics are confirmed
bastia always cash a goal to
the outside all under the eyes of loved
true backgammon local mascot
frederic hantz who has not yet given
his answer when one eventual
extension and will see
evian thonon gaillard ironing in front
his protégés with this direct free kick
shot by the Danish daniel wass sixth
purpose of the season to hide his
third direct free kick a record
this season in league 1 mickaël landreau
and cheated embarrassment and probably marco
ruben and at the end of the game bastia will have the
ball of 2 everywhere at the end of the head of
djibril cisse
the timing of the ancient Auxerrois is
perfect lacked the precision in the
finish
we will stay there on this score of 2 goals
to 1 for the evian thonon gaillard who
get a nice bowl of oxygen for the
retention